* Spicy Chicken Burgers
& 1 lb. ground chicken 1/2 c. panko bread crumbs 1/4 c. freshly grated Parmesan  1/4 c. fresh cilantro, chopped 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, chopped 2 cloves garlic, minced Kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper 1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil 4 slices white cheddar 1/2 c. sour cream 2 tsp. adobo sauce Juice of 1/2 lime 4 Hamburger buns Avocado, sliced Red onion, sliced
$ 35
: Combine ground chicken, panko, Parmesan, cilantro, chipotle pepper, and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Form into 4 equal sized patties. In a large skillet over medium heat, add oil. Add chicken patties and cook until golden, ~4 minutes. Flip and add a slice of cheese on top of each patty and cook until golden and cooked through ~3 to 4 more minutes. Combine sour cream, adobo sauce, and lime juice. Spread sauce on burger buns and top with a burger, avocado, and red onion.
* Teriyaki Chicken Thighs
& 3 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs 3/4 cup sugar 3/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/3 cup cider vinegar 1 garlic clove, minced 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger 1/4 teaspoon pepper 4 teaspoons cornstarch 4 teaspoons cold water Hot cooked rice, optional 
$ 10
: Place chicken in a slow cooker. In a small bowl, mix sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, ginger and pepper and pour over chicken. Cook, covered, on low 4-5 hours or until chicken is tender. Move chicken to a serving platter; keep warm. Transfer cooking juices to a small saucepan; and skim. Bring cooking juices to a boil. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch and cold water until smooth and stir into cooking juices. Return to a boil; cook and stir 1-2 minutes or until thickened. Serve with chicken and, if desired, rice.
* Cheeseburger Cups
& 1 pound ground beef 1/2 cup ketchup 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1-1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce 1 tube (12 ounces) refrigerated buttermilk biscuits 1/2 cup cubed Velveeta
$ 10
: Cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink; drain fluid. Stir in the ketchup, brown sugar, mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Remove from the heat; set aside. Press each biscuit onto the bottom and up the sides of a greased muffin tray. Spoon beef mixture into cups; top with cheese cubes. Bake at 400° for 14-16 minutes or until golden brown. 
* Slow Cooker Mac and Cheese
& 1 package (16 ounces) elbow macaroni 1/2 cup butter, melted 4 cups shredded cheddar cheese, divided 1 can (12 ounces) evaporated milk 1 can (10-3/4 ounces) condensed cheddar cheese soup, undiluted 1 cup 2% milk 2 large eggs, beaten 1/8 teaspoon paprika
$ 10
: Cook macaroni according to package directions and drain. Place in a slow cooker and add butter. In a large bowl, mix 3 cups cheese, evaporated milk, condensed soup, 2% milk and eggs. Pour over macaroni then stir to combine. Cook, covered, on low for 3-1/2 to 4 hours or until a thermometer reads at least 160°. Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Cook, covered, on low until cheese is melted, 15-20 minutes longer. Sprinkle with paprika.
* Lemon Parsley Pasta
& 8 oz. thin spaghetti 1 fresh lemon 2 cloves garlic, minced 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley 1/8 tsp freshly cracked black pepper 1 Tbsp olive oil 2 Tbsp butter 2 Tbsp grated Parmesan 1/4 tsp salt
$ 3
: Boil large pot of water, add the pasta until tender (about 7-8 minutes). Drain the pasta in a colander. While the pasta is cooking, zest the lemon 1 Tbsp. Chop parsley and combine it with the Parmesan, lemon zest, and pepper in a bowl. While the pasta is draining, add the olive oil and minced garlic to the pot used to cook the pasta. Sauté the garlic in the oil over medium heat for 1-2 minutes, or just until it becomes fragrant. Remove pot from the heat and add the drained pasta and butter to the pot with the garlic. Toss the pasta until the residual heat has melted the butter and the pasta is coated in garlic and butter. Add the parsley Parmesan mixture to the pot and toss to coat again. Squeeze about 1 Tbsp of the lemon juice over the pasta and season with salt. 
* Baked Ginger Salmon
& 1 tsp grated fresh ginger 1 clove garlic, minced 2 Tbsp brown sugar 1 tsp soy sauce 1/4 tsp toasted sesame oil 1 lb. fresh salmon 
$ 9
: Preheat the oven to 425. Grate 1 tsp fresh ginger. Combine the ginger, garlic, brown sugar, soy sauce, and toasted sesame oil in a bowl. Cut the salmon into four equal portions. Place the salmon on a baking sheet lined with parchment or foil, skin side down. Spread the ginger glaze over the top of each piece of salmon. Bake the salmon for about 20 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 145.
* Garlic Marinated Chicken
& 1/4 cup olive oil 1/4 cup lemon juice 3 cloves garlic, minced 1/2 Tbsp dried oregano 1/2 tsp salt Freshly cracked pepper 1.5 lbs. boneless skinless chicken breasts
$ 8
: Add the olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper to a bowl or a large zip-lock bag. Stir the ingredients in the dish until combined. Filet each chicken breast into two thinner pieces. Place the pieces in the bag or dish, then pour the marinade over top, making sure the chicken pieces are completely covered. Marinate the chicken for 30 minutes, or up to 8 hours (refrigerated), turning occasionally. When ready, heat a skillet over medium. Transfer the chicken to the hot skillet and cook on each side until well browned and cooked through, about 5-7 minutes each side. Transfer the cooked chicken from the skillet to a cutting board and let rest for five minutes before slicing and serving.
* Roasted Red Pepper Humus Wraps
& 1 15oz. can chickpeas 1/4 cup lemon juice 1/4 cup tahini 2 Tbsp olive oil 1/4 tsp ground cumin 1/4 tsp garlic powder 1/2 tsp salt 1/4 cup water 1/2 12oz. jar roasted red peppers 1 cucumber 3 oz. feta 6 pitas 6 cups baby spinach or baby greens 
$ 15
: To make the hummus, drain the chickpeas and add them to a food processor along with the lemon juice, tahini, olive oil, cumin, garlic powder, and salt. Pulse until the mixture is crumbly, then slowly add up to 1/4 cup water until the mixture is smooth. Take the red peppers and slice them thinly. Cut the feta into 1/2 oz. cubes. Thinly slice the cucumbers. Spread hummus inside or over the surface of a pita. Add a few roasted red pepper strips, one of the feta cubes (crumbled), some sliced cucumber, and a cup or so of baby spinach. Fold up the sides of the pita.
* Garlic Parmesan Kale Pasta
& 1 bunch 1/2 lb kale 1/2 lb angel hair pasta 2 Tbsp olive oil 2 Tbsp butter 2 cloves garlic, minced 1/4 cup grated Parmesan Pinch salt and pepper 
$ 5
: Pull kale leaves from stems and tear them into small 1-2 inch pieces. Rinse the kale well in a colander under cool, running water and allow it to drain. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Break the pasta in half, add it to the boiling water, and cook about 7 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander. While the pasta is cooking, add the olive oil, butter, and minced garlic to another large pot or skillet. Cook over medium heat for 1-2 minutes, or until the garlic is soft and fragrant. Add the kale and continue to sauté until the kale has wilted and has turned a deep green color or about 5-7 minutes. Turn the heat off. Add the drained pasta to the pot with the sautéed kale. Toss the pasta and kale together. Allow them to cool. You want the pasta warm, but not hot enough to melt the Parmesan. Season the pasta and kale with salt and pepper. Add the grated Parmesan cheese and toss to coat.
* Cajun Sausage and Rice Skillet
& 14 oz. Andouille sausage 1 Tbsp cooking oil 1 bell pepper 1 tsp smoked paprika 1/2 tsp dried oregano 1/2 tsp dried thyme 1/4 tsp garlic powder 1/4 tsp onion powder 1/8 tsp cayenne pepper 1/8 tsp freshly cracked black pepper 1 15oz. can fire roasted diced tomatoes 1 cup long grain white rice 1.5 cups chicken broth 2 green onions, sliced 
$ 9
: Slice the sausage into ¼-½ inch thick slices. Add the sausage and cooking oil to a deep skillet or Dutch oven and sauté over medium heat until the sausage is well browned. While the sausage is cooking, dice the bell pepper. Once the sausage is browned, add the bell pepper to the skillet and continue to sauté for about one more minute. Add the smoked paprika, oregano, thyme, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, and black pepper to the skillet with the sausage and bell pepper and continue to sauté for one minute more to toast the spices. Add the fire roasted diced tomatoes (with juices), rice, and chicken broth to the skillet. Stir to combine. Place a lid on the skillet, turn the heat up to medium-high, and allow broth to come to a full boil. Once it reaches a boil, turn the heat down to low and let the skillet simmer for 20 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and let it rest, with the lid on, for an additional 5 minutes. Remove the lid, fold the sausage and rice to redistribute. Top with green onions.
* Garlic Parmesan Roasted Cauliflower 
& 1 head califlower, 1/4 cup grated parmesan, 1/2 tsp garlic powder, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp pepper, 2 tbsp olive oil, 1 tbsp chopped parsley (optional)
$ 3
: Preheat oven to 400F Rinse cauliflower well, cut into bite size pieces. Combine parmesan, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in small bowl. Place cauliflower pieces in a bowl and drizzle olive oil on top then the parmesan mixture, then toss until covered. Spread cauliflower over baking sheet, transfer into preheated oven. Roast cauliflower for 30 minutes stirring halfway through.
* Chocolate Banana Muffins 
&  1 cup of mashed bananas, 1 cup of yogurt, 2 eggs, 1/2 cup sugar, 4 tbsp of butter, 1 tsp of vanilla extract, 1.5 cups all purpose flour, 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tsp baking powder, 1/2 tsp baking soda, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 cup chocolate chips
$ 4 
: Preheat oven to 350. Line muffin tin with paper liners. Mash bananas well and add to mixing bowl with yogurt eggs sugar butter and vanilla. Whisk together well. In a seperate bowl stir flower, cocoa powder baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Combine the two bowls and stir until combined. Fold chocolate chips into batter. Divide batter between the cups of the muffin pan. Transfer to oven and bake for 35 minutes. 
* Garlic Butter Shrimp
& 1/2 lbs shrimp, 2 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, 2 tbsp butter, 1 tbsp olive oil, 1/8 tsp salt, 1/8 tsp pepper, 1 tsp of parsley (optional)
$ 4 
: Allow shrimp to thaw, remove the shell and tail and pat dry. Squeeze two tablespoons of juice from lemon and mince garlic. Add Butter and olive oil into a skillet over medium heat until butter begins to foam. Add shrimp to skillet and cook until each side is pink ~1-3 minutes each side. Add garlic and 1 Tbsp of lemon juice to skillet, continue to cook shrimp in garlic butter for one more minute or until the raw edge is cooked out of the garlic. Season shrimp with salt pepper and parsley. 
* Chicken Caprese
& 4 chicken breasts, 8 oz mozarella cheese, 1 stick of butter, 2 tomatoes, Basil, Balsamic Vinegar
$ 16
: Add Balsamic to a saucepan and bring to a boil then reduce the heat to low and simmer partially covered for about 20 minutes. Glaze should be thick but not too thick. While glaze is simmering, season chicken with salt and pepper, slice mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil. Heat a large pan over medium to high heat, add butter and olive oil, add chicken and cook 3-4 minutes each side. Top each chicken with a slice of mozzarella and cover pan with a lid. Reduce heat to medium and let cheese soften for 1-2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and top each chicken with tomato basil and balsamic glaze. 
* Asian Beef and Rice Bowl
& 1 lb ground beef, 1 ginger root, 1 onion, 1 bulb garlic, 1 box rice, 1 bunch scallions, soy sauce, olive oil, brown sugar 
$ 18
: In a large pot, heat olive oil and cook onions till translucent. Add ginger and garlic and cook 1-2 minutes. Add ground beef, cook till no longer pink, drain extra fluid. Add soy sauce and brown sugar and mix. Let simmer for 2-3 minutes. Serve over rice with toasted sesame seeds and green onions. 
* Ground Turkey Taco Salad
& 1 lb ground turkey, 1 packet of taco seasoning, 1 head lettuce, 1 can black beans, 1 onion, 2 peppers, 1 can corn, 1 bag shredded cheddar, salt, pepper
$ 18
: Place a pan over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and cook till no longer pink. Stir in peppers and onions and cook to liking, add seasoning, corn, water, cooking for a few more minutes until sauce thickens. Layer chopped lettuce with ingredients
* Pork Teriyaki Fried Rice
& 1 lb pork chops, 1 box rice, 1 onion, 1 bulb garlic, 2 eggs, 1 package frozen vegetables, Teriyaki or soy sauce, Sesame oil and pepper
$ 19 
: In a pan scramble eggs and set aside. Add 1 tbsp of sesame oil to the pan and allow it to get hot, add strips of pork and cook accordingly, add carrits, onions, and green onion whites, cook for additional 2-4 minutes, remove from pan. Add sesame oil and allow it to come up to heat. Add rice and stir into oil. Once rice is heated and browned add all ingredients and stir well.
* Lemon Pepper Chicken Breasts, and Cilantro Lime Rice
& 4 chicken breasts, 1 stick of butter, 1 can of chicken broth, 1 bulb garlic, 1 lemon, 1 box of Basmati Rice, fresh cilantro, 1 lime, 1 onion, Olive oil, salt, cumin 
$ 20
: Preheat Oven to 375. Season chicken with lemon pepper seasoning. Bake on baking sheet 15-20 minutes. Broil last few minutes until top crisps. In skillet add butter and cook over medium high heat. Whisk for a few minutes until butter becomes frothy and brown. Add in chicken broth, garlic, and juice of 1 lemon. Add the chicken to the skillet and coat in the sauce. Let simmer for a couple minutes before serving. Serve over Cilantro Lime Rice.
* Egg and Black Bean Burritos
& Can of Black Beans, tortillas, carton of eggs
$ 4
: Heat tortillas on grill, scramble a dozen eggs, heat a can of black beans on the stove. Once eggs are scrambled and black beans are cooked add to tortillas for breakfast burritos.
* Grilled cheese and tomato soup
& Bread of choosing, any kind of cheese, can of tomato soup
$ 4
: Butter bread and lay them on a hot pan. Add cheese and top with another slice of bread. Heat on both sides until golden brown. Heat tomato soup and serve.
* Oatmeal and sliced fruits
& 24 oz. of oats, sliced fruits of your choosing, few oz. of milk
$ 4
: Cook Oats with milk until consistency is as desired, slice fruits up to adequate thickness, serve on top of oatmeal.
* Chickpeas and pasta
& 1 can of chickpeas, 1 onion, 1 jar of pasta sauce, box of desired pasta
$ 5
: Boil water in a pot and add pasta till desired texture, drain pasta. Add pasta sauce can of cickpeas and diced onion. Mix all together and serve.
* Cheesy Bow Tie Chicken
& 2 packages frozen spinach and artichoke cheese dip, 3 cups uncooked bow tie pasta, 3 cups cubed rotisserie chicken, 1 cup chopped roasted sweet red peppers, 1/3 cup pitted greek olives, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp pepper
$ 8
: Heat cheese dip according to package directions. cook pasta in a boiling pot, reserve half a cip of pasta water. Stir in chicken, cheese dip, peppers, olives, salt, and pepper, adding pasta water to reach a creamy consistency. 
* Ramen Noodles with Miso Pesto
& 4 cups spinach, 2 cups cilantro, 1 tbsp miso, 1 garlic clove, 1/2 cup oil, 1 tsp sesame oil, 1 tsp fresh lemon juice, package of ramen noodles, 1 tbsp butter
$ 9
: Boil pot of water and cook noodles according to package directions. puree spinach, cilantro, miso, garlic, oil, sesame oil, and lemon juice until mixture is smooth and green. Drain pasta and add pesto and butter and toss until coated. Top with sesame seeds.
* Chicken and Bacon Tart
& 1/4 pound bacon strips, 2 onions, 2 apples, 9 oz. chicken strips, 1/4 jalapeno pepper jelly, 1/2 tsp dried thyme, 1/4 tsp salt, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, 3/4 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1/4 tsp pepper, 1 tbsp parsley
$ 18
: Preheat oven to 425. Cook bacon over medium in a skillet till crisp. Saute onions and apples in bacon greese till tender. Stir in chicken, jelly, thyme and salt. On a lightly floured surface unfold puff pastry. Roll into a rectangle and prick with fork. Spread chicken mixture over pastry and sprinkle with cheese and pepper. Press edges with fork. Bake for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with bacon then Bake for 5 more minutes then sprinkle with parsley.
* Rosemary Apricot Pork Tenderloin
& 3 tbsp minced rosemary, 3 tbsp olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, 1 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper, 2 pork tenderloins, 1 cup apricot, 3 tbsp lemon juice, 2 minced garlic cloves
$ 12
: In a small bowl, combine rosemary, 1 tbsp oil, garlic, salt pepper, brush of pork. In a skillet brown pork in remaining oil on all sides. Bake at 425 for 15 minutes. In a small bowl, combine the glaze ingredients, brush over pork, Bake until a thermometer reads 160. Baste occasionally.
* Chedder Drop Biscuits
& 2.25 cups all purpose flower, 1 tsp salt, 1 tbsp baking powder, 1/4 tsp garlic powder, 1 tsp sugar, 4 oz chedder cheese, 3 green onions, 1 pint heavy whipping cream
$ 3
: Preheat oven to 400, Line baking sheet with parchment paper. In a bowl stir flour salt baking powder garlic powder and sugar until combined. Add shredded cheddar and sliced green onions to the flour mixture and stir to combine again. Add the heavy cream and stir until batter forms. Spoon batter onto parchment sheet. 12 biscuits. Bake for 18-20 minutes.
* Banana Bread Baked Oatmeal
& 1 1/2 cups mashed banana, 1/3 cup brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 1 tsp baking powder, 1/4 tsp cinnamon, 1/8 tsp nutmeg, 2 cups milk, 2 1/2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts 
$ 3
: Preheat Oven to 375. Mash Bananas with fork. Add bananas to a bowl with brown sugar, eggs, salt, vanilla, baking powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Whisk to combine. Add milk and whisk until combined again. Stir in rolled oats and chopped walnuts. Pour into a casserole dish and transfer to oven. Bake for 45 minutes.
* No Bake Strawberry Cheesecake
& 1/2 lb. fresh strawberries, 2 Tbsp granulated sugar, 4 oz. cream cheese, 1 Tbsp lemon juice, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/2 cup powdered sugar, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 2 graham crackers, 1 Tbsp butter, 1/2 Tbsp brown sugar
$ 4 
: Wash strawberries remove stems and slice. Place in bowl and add sugar, stir to combine. In seperate bowl whip heaving whipping cream on high speed. When thick and fluffy add vanilla extract aand powdered sugar. Start with low speed and move on to higher. Combine cream cheese and lemon juice in seperate bowl and mix until soft. Add whipped cream to this bowl then combine the two. Crush graham crackers in ziploc bag and add to a bowl of melted butter with brown sugar stir till combined. Divide graham cracker crumbs into cups. Add cheesecake filling then top with strawberries.
* Sweet Potato Biscuits
& 1 lb. sweet potato, 2.25 cups all-purpose flour, 1 Tbsp baking powder, 1 Tbsp sugar, 3/4 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp ground nutmeg, 8 Tbsp butter, 1 cup whole milk 
$ 3
: Prick skin of sweet potato several times. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Poke hole in the thickest part then microwave for 1-2 more minutes. Cut open and scoop out center and mash until smooth. Preheat oven to 400. Combine 2 cups of flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and nutmeg. Stir until combined. Finely grate butter with flour mixture and stir until evenly combined. Add milk to sweet potato bowl and stir until well combined. combine the two bowls now and stir until dough forms. Place dough onto a floured surface. Press it down until 1 inch thick. Make multiple until no dough remains. Bake for 20 minutes until golden brown.
* Garlic Butter Baked Cod
& 2 Tbsp butter, 1 Tbsp olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 1/8 tsp paprika, 1/8 tsp salt, 1 Tbsp chopped parsley, 8 oz. cod, 1 fresh lemon 
$ 8
: Preheat Oven to 400. Combine butter, olive oil, garlic, paprika, salt, parsley into a bowl and stir into a paste. Take a small scoop of garlic butter and spread over baking dish, add cod to the dish and coat the fish with the garlic butter. Slice half a lemon and add lemon slices to the baking dish. Bake cod for 20 minutes or until internal temp reaches 145. 
* Baked Chicken Nuggets
& 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1/2 tsp garlic powder, 1/2 tsp smoked paprika, 1/4 tsp salt, pepper, 2 Tbsp neutral oil, 1 chicken breast, 1 egg
$ 4
: Preheat Oven to 425 and place cooling rack. In a bowl combine breadcrumbs, garlic powder, smoked paprika, and pepper. Stir until combined and drizzle oil over then stir. Cut chicken breast into small pieces. Dip pieces into cracked egg, then roll in breadcrumbs until fully coated. Transfer pieces onto drying rack and bake 23-25 minutes.
* Chipotle Pumpkin Pasta
& 1 yellow onion, 1 Tbsp olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 1/2 tsp chipotle powder, 1 15oz. can pumpkin puree, 1.5 cups chicken broth, 1/2 tsp salt, pepper, 8 oz. pasta, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 1/4 cup Parmesan 
$ 9
: Dice onion and mince garlic, cook in skillet with olive oil 3-5 minutes. Add chipotle powder and let sit for 1 more minute. Add pumpkin, chicken broth, salt, and pepper to skillet and stir until combined. Turn heat down and allow to simmer for 15 minutes. During that time cook the pasta. Once sauce has simmered turn down heat and stir. Add pasta to sauce and stir to combine. Top with grated Parmesan.
* Pork and Peanut Noodles
&1/4 cup chili garlic sauce, 1/4 cup soy sauce, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/2 lb. ground pork, 2 3oz. packages ramen noodles, 3 green onions, 1/4 cup unsalted peanuts
$ 11
: Combine chili garlic sauce, soy sauce, and brown sugar in a bowl. Add ground pork to skillet and cook on medium until browned then add peanuts and sauce and allow to simmer for 5 minutes. While pork is cooking prepare noodles. Add noodles to skillet once finished and combine.
* Pizza Roll Ups
& 8 small flour tortillas, 40 slices pepperoni, 4 mozzarella cheese sticks, oil, 1/2 cup pizza sauce
$ 4
: Preheat Oven to 400. Cover baking sheet in oil. Stack tortillas on plate and cover with paper towel, microwave for 20 seconds. Slice each of the mozzarella sticks in half, lengthwise. Place 5 pepperoni on each tortilla then place mozzarella stick on top and fold sides and roll. Place on baking sheet and coat in oil. Bake for 12-15 minutes.
*Ham and Cheese Biscuits
& 2.5 cups flour, 1 tsp salt, 1/2 Tbsp sugar, 4 tsp baking powder, 1 pint heavy cream, 6 slices cheese, 12 slices deli ham 
$ 6
: Preheat Oven to 400. In a bowl combine flour salt sugar and baking powder, stir till combined. Pour heavy cream into bowl until flour is moist and can form dough. Roll and cut the dough into 12 equal pieces. Place ham and cheese into 6 of the squares then top with the other 6. Transfer into oven and bake for 25 minutes.
* Quick Curried Chickpeas
& 2 Tbsp olive oil,
1 yellow onion, 2 cloves garlic, 2 15oz. can chickpeas, 20oz. can tomato sauce, 1 cup water, 1 Tbsp curry powder, 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro 
$ 4
: Dice onion and mince Garlic. Cook onion and garlic in a large pot over medium heat 3-5 minutes. Drain chickpeas and add to pot, also add tomato sauce, water, and curry powder. Stir until mixed evenly. Bring mixture to a simmer. While the chickpeas are simmering, chop cilantro and add to pot. Give everything a stir and continue to simmer until sauce is reduced to a thick consistency.
* Slow Cooked Pork Carnitas
& 2 lbs pork shoulder, 1 onion, 1 jalapeno, 1 bulb garlic, 2 oranges, 2 limes, flour tortillas, oregano, cumin, olive oil, salt, pepper
$ 16
: Rub pork with oregano, cumin, salt, pepper, put in slow cooker with onion, garlic, jalapeno, pour in orange juice and cook until pork is tender and easily pulled apart (several hours). Finally pan fry until golden.
* Black Bean Burgers 
& 2 cans of seasoned black beans, 2 cans of breadcrumbs, 1 white onion, 1 egg, 1 stick butter, 1 pack of hamburger buns, chili powder, salt, pepper, olive oil
$ 18
: Drain black beans, place in a bowl and mash. Add breadcrumbs, onion, egg, chili powder, salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Stir till everything is combined. Heat butter and olive oil into a pan over medium heat and form bean mixture into patties and place. Cook 5 minutes on each side. Grill buns with a little butter and place patties on buns.
* Grilled Pesto Chicken and Tomato Kebabs
& 1 1/4 chicken cubes, 1 bulb garlic, Parmesan cheese, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 1 bunch fresh basil, 1 pack of wooden skewers, Olive oil, salt, pepper
$ 19 
: Finely chop basil, garlic cheese, salt and pepper and combine evenly. Slowly add olive oil. Combine raw chicken with pesto and marinate. Soak wooden skewers in water for atleast 30 minutes. Beginning and ending with chicken thread chicken and tomatoes on skewers. Heat grill pan over medium and cook until chicken is cooked through on all sides. 